Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[BAZE KNOX'S
"PSYCHO KILLER ANGELA" PLAYING]
[IN ENGLISH]
♪ I can't seem to face up
To the facts ♪
♪ I'm tense and nervous
And I can't relax ♪
♪ I can't sleep
'Cause my bed's on fire ♪
♪ Don't touch me
I'm a real live wire ♪
♪ Psycho killer
Qu'est-ce que c'est? ♪
♪ Fa-fa-fa-fa. fa-fa-fa-fa-fa
Fa. better ♪
♪ Run. run. run. run. run. run
Run away ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Psycho killer
Qu'est-ce que c'est? ♪
♪ Fa-fa-fa-fa. fa-fa-fa-fa-fa
Fa. better ♪
♪ Run. run. run. run. run. run
Run away ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh
Aye-ya-ya-ya-ya ♪
[RUMBLING IN DISTANCE]
[EXHALES]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[CLATTER OVERHEAD]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[IN ENGLISH]
Shit.
[BAZE KNOX'S "PSYCHO KILLER
ANGELA" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Hello?
[IN FRENCH]
Excuse me.
Excuse me!
I'm with a patient.
and I can't hear a thing.
We've already...
What a rabat-oij!
[VOICEMAIL TONE BEEPS]
PAULA [RECORDED]:
You've reached
Paula Cohen-Solal.
Leave a message. Thanks.
[LINE BEEPS]
Yes. it's Dr. Steiner calling.
You've now missed
three sessions. Paula.
After three.
I think my concern is justified.
You must pay
for the missed sessions.
[IN ENGLISH]:
Raba-ouaje.
Phonetic slang for Rabat-joie.
Cockblocker. old biddy.
break balls. frigid.
pain in the ass.
[SIGHS]
[CLATTER OVERHEAD]
[IN ENGLISH]
Asshole.
[IN FRENCH] You're here?
Hello.
But... it's not our day.
I know. but I need
to speak to you.
Fine...
Don't stand there. Come.
Thanks.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Lie down.
You don't want
to lie down?
Fine.
[HEMS]
You remember eight years ago.
when I came here
for the first time?
At first it was to...
Quit smoking.
Right.
It was a pretext
to undergo a psychoanalysis.
I underwent psychoanalysis
but never stopped smoking.
So listen.
Last Monday I saw a hypnotist.
Why not lie down?
You'll free-associate better.
[INTERJECTS]
Doctor. listen to me.
I'm listening.
[LILIAN CLEARS THROAT]
François gave me her name.
My wife's friend...
I know.
...who's into
alternative medicine.
Ms. Grangé in Aubervilliers.
And he... quit smoking.
thanks to her.
At first.
she spouted some nonsense:
[INAUDIBLE]
"Let yourself go."
"What do you see?"
I said.
"My parents naked in a house."
Whatever.
It lasted 20 minutes.
It was short.
I paid for the session.
50 euros.
I was puzzled. I went outside.
All of a sudden. I threw
my cigarettes in the trash.
I kept on walking.
then I turned around.
looked at my cigarettes.
and to my surprise.
I threw away my lighter too.
It's been four days.
And I haven't smoked.
[RINGING]
Wild. Almost a week.
I'll shut it off.
I thought it was on silent mode.
I'm listening. Yes...
I feel freed from something.
Freed from smoking. of course.
And freed from you.
There.
I want to stop seeing you.
All right. Fine.
Maybe...
we can agree on a date to stop.
Or I'll refer you
to a colleague.
I'm done.
My wife did the math.
Eight years. once a week.
excluding vacations.
I've spent 32.000 here.
Plus 8.000 wasted on cigarettes.
We're done.
Goodbye.
[♪♪♪]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[PHONE VIBRATES]
VALÉRIE [RECORDED]:
Hello. I'm Valérie.
Paula's daughter.
I saw you tried calling
several times.
I have some very sad news.
She's passed away.
I'd like to invite you to...
join us.
We'll be gathering together
tomorrow.
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE]
A PRIVATE LIFE
Thanks for coming.
Mom's room is packed.
I'll ask her students to leave.
You know what happened
to her?
No idea.
It was very sudden.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING SOFTLY]
You'll awaken the dybbuk.
The what?
The dybbuks.
evil spirits.
Dybbuk.
MAN:
Hello. I taught with her
at Jules Ferry.
Good of you to come.
We'll all gather before her.
Come in...
Aaron. are you coming?
Aaron. come.
[MOURNER SOBBING]
[CHANTING IN HEBREW]
[THUDS]
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
He fainted.
Roll him on his side.
Put his legs on a cushion.
Bring water.
Don't!
I'm a doctor.
Where's the bathroom?
There.
Can someone come?
Dad. what's wrong?
[MAN PANTING]
Sit up. breathe.
Take this. sir.
How kind. Thank you.
Thank you. I'll be fine...
Breathe.
Who are you?
Lilian Steiner.
I was treating your wife
for nine years.
I'm sorry.
Get out.
Get out!
Why are you here?
Who let you in?
This is my home! How dare you?
Throw her out!
[IN ENGLISH]
Her husband's reaction
is unexpected.
Aggression towards me.
redirected guilt
towards the therapist
and unprocessed emot--
[RECORDED]
...redirected guilt...
Shit.
[RECORDED]
[♪♪♪]
Sit! Are you okay?
Sit down. sir. I'm fine.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[WHISPERING]
You rang?
I said not to wake up Joseph.
Call first.
I woke him?
No. but you could have.
Scolding me
for something hypothetical?
Which didn't happen.
Know what that's called?
No. and I don't want to.
Twenty-five euros for five?
Order 50 for me.
No. 100.
500 for minidiscs?
They're prehistoric!
Why not try something modern?
I like being able
to hold them.
They can get lost or damaged.
Because I can lose them
makes them precious.
Spare me.
500 euros. Damn.
It's for my work.
How much was your computer?
You come only when
you need something.
There.
[SNIFFLING]
Are you sick?
Yes. no. not really.
Do you have any hand sanitizer?
There.
Buy something
that'll make you happy.
I'd be happy if you came
when he's awake.
[SCOFFS]
It's not my fault
that babies sleep a lot.
Your order is confirmed.
[CRYING IN DISTANCE]
[EXCLAIMS SOFTLY]
Wanna see Joseph?
No. I have to go
to an appointment.
More important
than 30 seconds with us?
Come.
[SIGHS]
What's wrong.
kiddo?
You hungry?
Calm down.
It's early.
You have a rash.
I'm leaving. honey.
I'm sick. covered in germs.
I don't want to get close.
Love you.
[♪♪♪]
NURSE: It's been ages!
LILIAN: Is he in?
You can go in.
Thanks.
Lilian?
You're okay?
Bad time?
Not at all.
Is all well?
No.
I...
I don't know what I have.
I caught something.
Mind examining me?
Not at all.
Have a seat.
Your last eye exam was...
With you.
[FAUCET RUNNING. STOPS]
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
Your chin there.
Okay.
Have you seen Joseph recently?
Yes.
I just stopped by.
He was asleep.
He sleeps a lot.
I find him very much awake
for his age...
Two months.
He could pass for three.
Julien is young.
To be a father. Right?
Young?
You were his age.
Exactly.
Push. Push your chin.
It keeps on flowing. honey...
LILIAN:
You call me "honey"?
First time I've seen you cry.
I know.
It suits you.
I'm not crying.
It's my eyes.
Find anything?
No. it's all normal.
Got eye drops
or a placebo for me?
[HEMS]
Artificial tears
can hydrate the cornea.
but just wait for it to stop.
[SCOFFS]
I can't wait.
I have patients. work...
Did something happen?
No. nothing special.
So it was just a pretext
to see me.
[SCOFFS]
No. not at all.
[LILIAN REPEATS DENIAL]
You can text me
to go have dinner.
It's easier.
[SCOFFS]
I never think about you.
I mean it. Never.
While fighting with Julien
earlier. I thought:
"Poor kid inherited
his father's lousy temper."
[SIGHS]
[IN ENGLISH]
What the fuck?
[IN FRENCH]
Sorry.
[♪♪♪]
Hello.
I'm Valérie.
Paula Cohen-Solal's daughter.
LILIAN:
I recognize you.
I need to speak with you.
I can't now.
I have a patient
in a few minutes.
Some other time...
I can wait at the café.
No problem.
Come.
[SIGHING]
So... how can I help you?
Know how she killed herself?
I had no idea it was a suicide.
She was fine
the week before.
and you don't wonder why?
It happens to everyone. Death.
Now that you know.
you feel nothing?
I don't feel nothing.
Sorry.
I didn't want to make you cry.
[STAMMERS]
No.
It's not you.
[DRAWER OPENS. CLOSES]
[LILIAN SIGHS]
She swallowed
everything you prescribed.
I understand.
You think I'm responsible
for her death?
My father thinks so.
I'm talking to you.
not him.
She had this in her hand.
Look what she scribbled
on the back.
Before she died.
I can't read it.
The writing is distorted.
I think it's a message.
A message...
For whom?
Read it!
Read it out loud.
[RINGING]
I can't. I have a patient.
Keep it.
Give it back later.
Come in.
Valérie...
maybe you know this.
maybe not.
but I cannot disclose
anything Paula told me.
It's called
doctor-patient confidentiality.
I need to understand.
How could she do this?
Especially now.
Now that I'm in this state.
What state?
Yes. of course.
How did the funeral go?
We don't know when it is.
[STAMMERING]
But in the Jewish religion.
we...
They need to do an autopsy.
An investigation.
There's an investigation?
It's the law with suicides.
It takes time.
[SIGHS]
PATIENT [IN ENGLISH]:
We were-- We were parked
by the side of the road. and...
We were parked by the side
of the road. and
I must have been 10 or 11.
We had this...
this white minivan
with gold trim. I remember.
It was the same time
or a different time.
but the brakes
had gone out in the car.
so my mother had to...
to pull the emergency brake.
And...
[IN FRENCH]
It's hard to say...
Before coming.
I realized that...
I just don't get it.
I give my sperm to no avail.
Why do I feel cut off?
PATIENT 2: I claw and claw...
The cats' eyes.
I scratch.
I think about your hands.
Your hands on my body.
[CLATTERING]
[LILIAN SIGHS]
[IN ENGLISH]
Shit!
PATIENT [RECORDED]:
Last Monday. I saw a hypnotist.
François gave me her name...
[TAPE FAST-FORWARDS]
Grangé. in Aubervilliers.
He quit smoking thanks to her.
[PEN SCRIBBLING]
At first
she spouted some nonsense...
[RECORDING CONINTUES
INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
JESSICA:
It's not ophthalmological?
LILIAN: No.
JESSICA: Maybe see someone?
I'm a shrink.
If I were depressed.
I'd know it.
I can't just stop you
from crying.
Why not?
Because you
still need to cry.
We don't bandage
uncleaned wounds.
You're in mourning.
Very deep mourning.
I can tell.
You're not here alone.
There's someone else.
[SCOFFS]
I see no one besides you.
It's a woman.
She is blonde.
[STAMMERS]
I just lost a patient.
And it's...
not the first time
a patient dies.
She was a patient.
not a friend.
Listen. what I can propose.
if you agree.
is a memory-based therapy.
And...
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
...you're ready to let go.
[CHUCKLES]
First time I've heard that.
All right.
Can I make an appointment?
No. we'll deal with it
right away.
You waste no time.
First you said keep crying...
I like it
when people heal quickly.
Not like shrinks?
Shall we?
Yes.
You're recording this?
Yes. I'll give it to you
afterwards.
It will help
the session seep in.
What you hear
may surprise you.
A lot of the things you say
will be forgotten.
Do I have your e-mail?
It's as you wish.
I'm flexible.
[STAMMERS]
I'm flexible too.
There.
So. let yourself go.
Let go.
Look without seeing.
[SIGHS]
Now close your eyes.
Everything is black.
You can hear
your heart beating.
You are...
in your mother's belly.
[SIGHS]
Lilian. stop confusing
skepticism and intelligence.
Your irony is an expression
of your fear.
You are in
your mother's belly.
You are a fetus.
Step forward.
Keep moving.
You see a door.
Behind the door.
you see stairs.
When you're ready.
go down them.
Very good.
[IN ENGLISH]
It's snowing.
JESSICA:
Go on. take your time.
You see a door.
Open it.
[KIDS CHATTERING PLAYFULLY]
LILIAN [IN FRENCH]:
Not this one.
No. please.
JESSICA:
Then close it.
[DOOR CLOSES]
At your own pace.
keep going down.
LILIAN:
I'm here.
What is the room like?
Can you describe it?
Dark.
Woody.
The faces are lit up.
Instruments.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
JESSICA:
Tell me about this room.
LILIAN:
There is a woman.
With a cello.
JESSICA:
Go on telling me what you see.
[LILIAN SCOFFS]
It's...
It's me.
It's her.
It's Paula.
Paula Cohen-Solal. my patient.
[ORCHESTRA TUNING]
We're in an orchestra pit.
[IN ENGLISH]
Tuning our instruments.
It's during the war.
There are Germans.
C'est un audience...
[IN FRENCH]
The public is staring at us.
And we love each other.
Madly.
I can sense she is my mistress.
It's wild.
She is very anxious.
[DOOR OPENS]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[IN ENGLISH]
What's happening?
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
JESSICA:
What's happening. Lilian?
LILIAN [IN FRENCH]:
Simon. her husband.
[INAUDIBLE]
She speaks to me. I can't hear.
I must hear.
Forget about it for now.
[IN ENGLISH]
No. no. I need to hear her.
JESSICA:
You'll be able
to find the door again.
LILIAN: No.
Let's go back up the stairs.
When I say so. leave the stage.
LILIAN: During the concert?
JESSICA: Leave the stage.
I must listen to her.
Leave.
LILIAN: He's armed.
JESSICA:
Go back to the door.
There's another door...
What do I do?
JESSICA: Wait there.
Before opening it.
I have something to say.
You won't cry anymore.
It's over.
No more tears.
Now you know that
Paula is part of your life.
She was your mistress.
In another life.
Your pain is normal.
[BREATHING SHALLOWLY]
When I say so.
you'll open the door.
Open the door.
When ready.
open your eyes.
He's armed.
The husband. the conductor.
Simon. he's...
You're a receptive subject.
It's very rare to go down
the stairs so quickly.
Well...
I must say.
I don't believe any of this.
Bon.
It's not about believing or not.
You won't cry
once you leave my office.
Can I ask you a question?
It's simple.
Have you ever felt
you fell in love
with your patient?
Or were unsettled by her?
[SCOFFS]
All right.
Thanks for everything.
[SIGHS]
What do I owe you?
[BILLS RUSTLING]
Fifty. right?
No.
I decide
whether I want to be paid.
It's my call.
Will it work anyway?
Yes. it will work anyway.
Don't worry. Here the cure
isn't dependent on money.
You know. Freud stopped hypnosis
because it was
much less interesting.
financially.
The cure was too quick.
Isn't that borderline
anti-Semitic?
We'll stop here. Lilian.
MAN:
Forty-seven years...
A life... unfinished...
Paula leaves behind her
an enormous void.
Here she joins.
a few months later.
her beloved aunt.
Pearl.
Pearl left Paula
her love of books.
Got a handkerchief?
Her love of culture.
Her love of the German language.
[THANKS]
[ACKNOWLEDGES]
[SERVICE CONTINUES]
Amen.
God full of compassion.
who resides in heaven...
[SERVICE CONTINUES]
[♪♪♪]
[SOBBING]
I just don't understand
what I deserve in life.
How do I overcome this?
Every time I'm scared.
He made me doubt.
[PATIENT CONTINUES SOBBING]
I think it's a message.
PAULA [RECORDED]:
I'm aware of the lie.
The enormity of the lie.
It's too late now.
There's no going back.
The truth
would destroy Valérie.
It would really destroy her.
She's too unstable.
You know...
it was my greatest sorrow.
Those children
who couldn't hold on.
LILIAN:
Fetuses aren't children yet.
Yes.
Simon called them
"our dead children."
LILIAN [RECORDED]:
And you felt...
he was blaming you?
Part of me ended up embracing
his way of thinking.
He became crazed.
He felt he was the problem.
LILIAN:
Meaning?
Valérie...
He knows she's not his.
LILIAN:
But you told me Valérie knows.
I lied to you.
[RECORDED]
I never told her.
It could trigger a crisis.
Terrifying crises.
If she found out.
she would kill me.
[TAPE REWINDS]
I lied to you.
I never told her.
It could trigger a crisis.
Terrifying crises.
If she found out.
she would kill me.
[♪♪♪]
COLLEAGUE:
Aggressivity toward the mother
is normal. but murder?
LILIAN:
You know anything's possible.
COLLEAGUE:
I've never encountered it.
Oh. shit! Not true!
I had a colleague in Nice
20 years ago.
I just remembered.
A girl killed her mother
during a psychotic episode
toward the end of her pregnancy.
She stabbed her. I recall.
and disemboweled her.
It was violent.
You see cases of psychic
transference in late pregnancy.
There was another case.
The girl killed everyone.
Her mother and sisters.
all poisoned.
Only women.
Interesting.
Yes. very.
Never heard of it?
No.
Her psychosis predated
her pregnancy. of course.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
[REPEATS GREETING]
[SIGHS]
UNKNOWN CALLER
[RINGING]
Hello. Who is this?
[GREETS QUESTIONINGLY]
[SIGHS]
[MINA'S "GIORNI" PLAYING]
Mondays as usual.
I'm a creature of habit.
May I?
Of course.
Your eyes?
They're fine.
But I need yours.
It concerns my patient.
What are you talking about?
My patient.
The one who...
Yes?
My patient
who committed suicide.
Why didn't you tell me
sooner?
I want to drink a lot
in a short time.
I'll join you.
[PHONE RINGING]
I keep getting phone calls.
Anonymous.
GABRIEL:
She'll have the tagliatelle
without cream.
LILIAN:
Look.
What do you read?
It's German?
She was a German teacher.
"Kinder" means "children."
Yes.
Don't get it dirty!
Relax...
And "tod..."
Not "tod." "tot."
It means "dead."
I get the feeling...
it's a message she left for me.
A message?
Yeah.
[STAMMERS]
Listen. I...
I have an idea. Gaby.
I want you to take it seriously.
Yes.
Okay?
Go on. speak.
I...
I never detected
the slightest suicidal thought.
[STAMMERS]
It's not normal.
in nine years.
I can't have been so wrong.
But...
what are you talking about?
My patient!
I think...
she was murdered.
Murdered?
But by whom and why?
That's the question.
I keep thinking about it.
and instinctively.
I'd say it's her daughter.
She is borderline.
A decompensated
personality disorder
doesn't make her a criminal.
Eat something.
Not eating?
I am.
Thanks.
I remember these earrings.
Didn't we drink a lot?
Yeah.
I don't want to go home.
Merci.
[PHONE RINGING]
No!
Not again.
You're bothering us. Now stop.
I'm about to sleep
with my ex-wife.
Enough already!
Thank you.
Presumptuous!
[HEMS]
You've never seen my place.
I don't want to run into Vera.
Vera's over with.
Two years ago.
I thought you knew.
How would I know?
LILIAN:
Did you ever see a hypnotist?
No. Oh. yes. I did.
Once. for snoring.
[SNORTS]
[LAUGHING]
What?
[GRUNTS QUESTIONINGLY]
That cracks me up.
You always used to say:
"It's just when
I'm in a bad position."
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
But now...
it doesn't matter.
because you sleep alone?
No.
Not every night.
She's married.
which is fine.
You?
Me what?
Did you ever see
a hypnotist?
[PHONE RINGING]
UNKNOWN CALLER
[IN ENGLISH]
Shit.
Valérie?
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SIREN PASSING]
Oh. shit.
TWILIGHT TRYST
[SCRUBBING]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[CLATTERING IN DISTANCE]
[IN ENGLISH]
Shit.
[♪♪♪]
[IN FRENCH]
Who's there?
[FOOTSTEPS DESCENDING]
[SIGHS]
The red liquid
on the windshield.
OFFICER:
So basically.
you're filing a report
for stalking.
not for theft.
Call it what you want.
but I'm persuaded
it wasn't suicide.
I think it's her daughter.
She's intimidating me.
Searching stuff
about her mother's death.
She was looking
for the cassettes.
What cassettes?
When I said "died."
it could mean "murder."
Have you been drinking?
No. Well. yes.
But several hours ago.
How many?
What?
Is it against the law now?
No...
[HEMS]
I have hyperosmia.
What?
Long COVID made me sensitive
to smells.
So I'm curious
when you drank last.
[SIGHS]
My last glass
was at midnight.
Hyperosmia... Never heard of it.
Yes. sorry.
So you were saying...
It could be a murder.
Obviously.
it's my place she searched.
She who?
Her daughter! Valérie.
Because I know things about her
that I shouldn't know.
What kind of things?
I can't tell you.
Doctor-patient
confidentiality.
[SIGHS]
Okay. let's start over...
Your profession?
Psychiatrist.
[TYPING]
[♪♪♪]
You okay?
Yes...
[SIGHS]
I was scared.
You believe me now?
What did she want?
The cassettes.
The cassettes
interest her.
Stupid me. I didn't listen
to the last session.
On the 22nd.
Shit...
What happened then?
The motive. obviously!
I must listen to what she said
about Valérie. about him.
Tell the police?
Yes.
Why didn't I listen
to that last tape?
[IN ENGLISH] Fuck.
I'll call a locksmith.
OPERATOR:
Your call is on hold.
Stay on the line.
GABRIEL:
Yes. I'm staying on.
Strange profession.
Locksmith?
[SCOFFS]
No. psychiatrist.
Knowing people's lives. secrets.
without being able to act.
Not being able to do anything.
Nothing at all.
Whereas you...
People come to see you
to fix their eyes.
You fix them.
What do I fix?
Their souls.
[SCOFFS]
I should have been
a gynecologist.
You'd have excelled.
Is it too late
to change lives?
You mean us?
[CHUCKLES]
Yes. a lock.
I don't know. sir.
A robbery...
[PAULA SIGHS ON RECORDING]
He goes away
two or three days a week.
He has only two
half-days of classes a week.
I encourage him
to spend more time in Chérence.
But I make him pay for it
when he comes back.
It's perverse.
No?
LILIAN:
Who is perverse?
We have
very different schedules.
He goes to bed early.
wakes up late.
I'm the opposite.
[SCOFFING]
It's so banal.
I've developed strategies
not to bother him.
In bed. I think only of him.
of making his sleep better.
But...
he's harsh.
So harsh.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
LILIAN:
How so?
[SIGHS]
As if he always has a knife
in his voice.
And a gun in his eyes.
It's as if he waits for me
to leave his space
to tolerate me.
He wants me gone.
[♪♪♪]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Valérie!
Why don't you call me back?
You can't keep showing up
unannounced.
I have to see you
immediately.
I need help. Lilian.
All right. not in my office.
In the café downstairs.
Okay.
[IN ENGLISH] Fuck.
GABRIEL [OVER PHONE]: Allô?
Gaby?
[IN FRENCH]
It's her! She's here!
[STAMMERS]
Valérie.
Her daughter.
I told her to meet me
in the café. Come.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
Go on.
I feel so bad.
I'm a monster.
A monster?
[LOUD CLATTERING]
But... why?
"Monster"-- Why that word?
My mother just inherited
from Pearl.
Pearl Friedman. her aunt.
She never told you?
It was a big deal.
I loved her too.
She spent her life
at the library.
She volunteered
at la Mazarine.
She took me there
when I was little.
I'd watch her sorting out books
all day.
It's a lot of money.
a real lot.
It all goes to Paula. but...
now I share it all with Dad.
I had a hard time
making ends meet.
I don't know...
My life has changed.
Valérie. everything you feel
seems perfectly normal.
I'll give you
a colleague's number.
Why not you?
No.
You understand?
I can't.
We're not allowed.
Yes. you're absolutely right.
I understand my mother better.
She often mentioned you.
But never said your name.
She called you
"my twilight tryst."
She said she felt good
with you.
She said that?
Yes. often.
Dad said she...
fell in love with you.
And Mom answered:
"It's like I've known her...
forever."
LILIAN:
It's not her.
No. it must be her father.
who's...
not her father--
the husband.
The father isn't the father.
Great!
I didn't say a word.
Not a word.
She didn't even
take her prescription.
She's not in a manic state.
She gave me the motive.
It's money.
Money?
Paula had just inherited.
[DISAGREES]
[SIGHS] It's not her.
You wanted to knock her out.
No...
Fifteen drops at bedtime. Damn!
What?
It's a five-milligram pill.
Five mg. in pill form.
With your handwriting...
Let me see.
But...
It was tampered with!
What pharmacy?
It's written on it.
LILIAN:
Wait here.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Hello.
Hello. ma'am.
I'm Dr. Steiner.
the psychiatrist
who treated Paula Cohen-Solal.
She lived in this building.
It's normal to go from pills
to drops for chronic insomnia.
I've known them for years.
Nadia. look at me.
I'm not here
to alert authorities.
Up to now.
I've only prescribed pills.
right?
Absolutely.
And I said the same thing
to Mr. Cohen-Solal.
You mean he picked them up?
He did?
Come on. Nadia.
I just want to know
who picked up the medicine.
Yes. it was her husband.
He always picked up
her prescriptions.
I mean. her medicine.
[STAMMERS]
Did he ask for the bottle?
We deciphered
the prescription together.
Like me. he read 15 drops.
He said she was unwell.
She was having
a rough time.
A family member
had died.
Drive!
Fast. fast!
Okay.
LILIAN:
What is that thing?
I got the caretaker to talk.
And?
He left for the country.
Where to?
She didn't say.
I went upstairs to look
and came across this.
Open it.
Are you sure?
At the point we're at...
Now I know why
I never get Amazon packages.
[PACKAGING RUSTLING]
A hair iron.
Long-haired hubby?
Maybe it's for Paula.
It was ordered eight days ago.
Really?
Who orders a hair iron
three days after his wife dies?
We need to find out
about the aunt.
The aunt Valérie mentioned.
Why? You think that...
He must have killed her first.
[EXCLAIMS SOFTLY]
Paula never mentioned her.
Maybe I forgot
or I misheard.
It's impossible.
A lot of loose ends.
Just to end up
with a capillary dildo.
Shit. I have to go.
Wait for me for the rest.
LILIAN:
I often came when there was
that old lady...
She volunteered here.
I forget her name.
Yes. it's Pearl!
Oh. yes. Pearl.
One of our sponsors.
Yes. an old lady. very nice.
Actually. I think she died.
No.
A few...
No what?
She wasn't very nice.
But she died.
Yes.
What of?
Would you know?
Not at all.
But she really
was not nice.
All right...
MAN: Lucie?
I'd like to send a condolence
letter to the family.
Would you have her address?
We don't give out
that information.
MAN: Lucie. come here!
LUCIE: Excuse me.
Can you wait a minute?
Yes.
Friedman.
Maiden name: Kinder.
Kinder?
Pearl Kinder.
"Kinder tot."
The death of Pearl.
No fucking way...
LUCIE: Madam!
JESSICA:
No. I don't think so.
You're too rational for that.
Tell me the real reason.
You stopped crying.
so why another session?
She said something to me.
Remember?
I couldn't hear. I have to.
You have a recording
of our session.
I said to use it.
Yes. but there's a missing key.
What if I say no?
LILIAN:
Listen. don't be proud.
[SIGHS]
I apologize.
I was very rude to you.
JESSICA:
Not rude. Insulting.
You called me an anti-Semite.
LILIAN:
I said "borderline."
But...
I'm sorry.
Forgive me!
JESSICA [SIGHS]:
No.
It's impossible.
LILIAN: I'm coming up!
JESSICA:
No! No!
Sorry. Lilian. it's Friday.
I have a train.
How about Monday?
Monday. no. I'm in training.
then I go on vacation.
[STAMMERING]
Goodbye. Lilian.
[LINE BEEPS]
On vacation.
[IN ENGLISH]
Fucking French.
[♪♪♪]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[OFFERS CHAMPAGNE]
No. thanks.
[IN ENGLISH]
Clearly. you're suffering
from guilt about this patient.
You're building a narrative
from this false memory.
As a doctor. you're supposed
to heal your patients.
Instead.
your medication killed her.
What strikes me
is the prescription.
The ordonnance.
[SCOFFS]
What do you mean?
You know as well as I do
that in France.
psychoanalysts aren't allowed
to prescribe.
Well. we knew each other
very well.
and she was struggling
with insomnia.
You broke standard procedure.
No. I didn't.
I'm fully licensed to prescribe.
I gave them all the information
that they need
if they want to press charges.
No. you didn't.
You're in avoidance.
In fact. you don't want
to confront the case itself.
so you go off on a trip
with your hypnotist.
Tell me again
how your mother died.
No.
You can't do that.
I'm not your patient anymore.
I'm your colleague.
You haven't changed. Lilian.
You're still
so sure of yourself.
I don't know why I came here.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SIGHS]
[KEYS CLATTER SOFTLY]
[TYPING]
[MESSAGE CHIMES]
JESSICA [RECORDED]:
Behind the doors.
you see stairs.
When you're ready.
go down them.
Keep on going.
[ORCHESTRA TUNING]
LILIAN:
We're in an orchestra pit.
What are you doing?
Where's your head? Your score.
[APPLAUSE]
I'm pregnant with your child.
my love.
I'm overwhelmed.
But I can't leave like this.
PAULA:
Who asks you to leave?
A stage manager
behind the curtains.
he says to flee.
They're here!
LOVER:
Who?
[IN ENGLISH]
The police.
[IN FRENCH]
The militiamen.
They'll check our IDs.
They'll round us up.
We must flee!
JESSICA:
Tell me what you see.
[GASPS]
Julien!
He's a militiaman.
[SINGING IN GERMAN]
JESSICA:
Julien?
LILIAN [IN ENGLISH]:
It's my son.
JESSICA:
What else?
[LILIAN GASPS]
LILIAN [IN ENGLISH]
He's got a gun.
[JESSICA QUESTIONS]
What now?
[GASPING]
[OPERA CONTINUES]
LILIAN [IN ENGLISH]:
Hurry up.
[IN FRENCH]
I'm leaving.
I search my pockets.
A postcard.
JESSICA: Turn it over.
LILIAN: Chérence.
JESSICA:
Leave now. Lilian. Leave!
LILIAN: Chérence...
JESSICA: Open the door!
[JESSICA SNAPS]
Chérence.
["PSYCHO KILLER" PLAYING]
GPS [IN ENGLISH]:
You go out from Paris.
♪ I can't seem
To face up to the facts ♪
♪ I'm tense and nervous
And I can't relax ♪
♪ I can't sleep
'Cause my bed's on fire ♪
♪ Don't touch me
I'm a real live wire ♪
♪ Psycho killer
Qu'est-ce que c'est? ♪
GPS [IN ENGLISH]:
You're exceeding
the authorized speed limit.
♪ Run. run. run. run. run. run
Run away ♪
GPS [IN ENGLISH]:
Take the next exit.
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh
Aye-ya-ya-ya-ya ♪
♪ Ce que j'ai fait
Ce soir-là ♪
♪ Ce qu'elle a dit
♪ Réalisant mon espoir ♪
♪ Je me lance
Vers la gloire. okay ♪
GPS [IN ENGLISH]:
You're arriving in Chérence.
♪ Aye-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-
ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-yeah ♪
♪ We are vain
And we are blind ♪
♪ I hate people
When they're not polite ♪
♪ Psycho killer
Qu'est-ce que c'est? ♪
LILIAN [IN ENGLISH]:
There he is.
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[SIGHS]
Jesus.
[PEOPLE APPROACHING]
Shit.
[♪♪♪]
My God.
GABRIEL [RECORDED]:
Lilian. you've disappeared.
I'm worried. you know.
Did they change the lock?
Remember dinner
at Julien's tonight.
Don't forget.
He'll be so happy.
[RECORDED]
Hello. Dr. Steiner.
it's Pierre Hallan.
I didn't want
to surprise you...
My wife and I are suing
to be reimbursed
for the 40.000 euros
I spent seeing you.
My lawyer sent a letter.
Don't take it badly.
WIFE [RECORDED]:
He saw a hypnotist
once and quit!
You crook! You'll pay us back!
[HONKING]
Pain in the ass!
Okay. okay.
[SIGHS]
[IN ENGLISH]
What the fuck? Dicks.
[PLAYING "HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
ON VIOLIN]
JULIEN:
Merci.
He killed the aunt.
then his wife.
You never liked oysters.
It's true. I hate them.
I found compromising evidence
he was disposing of.
You searched his trash?
Yeah. it's my job.
[SIGHS]
You're trembling.
I'm sure he saw me.
No.
[TIMER DINGING]
We're all done.
I'll get the sauce.
JULIEN:
You refused to have dinner
on my 20th birthday.
Your separation
destroyed my childhood.
And now...
[SCOFFS]
It's really not cool.
Julien. listen.
We owe you nothing.
Our intimacy is our own.
our sexuality is our own.
Ask yourself.
"What does it deprive you of?"
Herbal tea?
Please.
LILIAN:
We pillage what we desire
and destroy what we never had.
It's classic.
Stop the shrink talk.
As a kid. I loved
hanging around her office.
I'd press my ear
against the door.
wondering
what they could be saying.
I was fascinated.
But once you've been
backstage.
it's hard to believe
the magic.
Meaning?
It's all bullshit.
I don't believe you.
[SCOFFS]
It's not a matter of believing.
You'll find tons of reasons.
It'll always be my fault.
All my fault!
Blame the mom.
Vanessa. wait and see.
You've had enough.
Know why you're aggressing me?
In my former life.
you were a militiaman.
You wanted to arrest us.
Excuse me?
You wanted to learn German
back in middle school.
To be in the same class
as Adrien.
You loved German. A's and B's
on all your homework.
Right. Gaby?
Weird wanting to learn German
with an American mother.
Not speaking your maternal
language is bizarre.
Being good at German
makes me a Nazi?
Not a Nazi.
A member of the militia
in Paris.
That explains it all.
Okay.
Whatever.
Were you a Jewish girl?
I was a young Jewish cellist.
Why?
You get the nice role.
What? Everyone here is Jewish!
Except Vanessa.
Jewish when you decide.
I'm not even circumcised.
VANESSA: Julien!
You hear this?
This is total bullshit.
She'd tell my friends
about my protracted anal stage.
Not again!
What are you doing?
Will you listen to me or not?
Will you listen?
It's hard not to.
You're screaming!
Joseph is asleep!
So quiet!
[SIGHS]
Listen.
You were in the militia in 1942.
in Paris.
I was with Paula
performing at the Opéra.
There was a conductor.
He was evil. and he was armed.
You're freaking me out.
GABRIEL:
And what was I?
Nothing. You weren't there.
They wanted to deport us.
among the musicians.
And...
she was pregnant
with my child.
I had to flee.
[STAMMERS]
It's you...
who arrested them.
You're taking this too far.
Not at all!
You don't understand!
It explains everything!
Why we don't get along. why...
you've always been scared of me.
And why I feel ill at ease
with you.
But now that we know it.
everything will be better...
We've named things.
we put them into words.
I'll be able to love you
like I couldn't before.
Right. honey?
VANESSA:
You're being mean. Lilian.
We should all
go to bed.
I'll check on Joseph.
[BLINKER TICKING]
This is wild.
How could you.
Lilian Steiner.
buy into that nonsense
of former lives?
Others yes.
but not you!
You're upset to be left out.
You're so vain!
You're plastered.
Let me drive!
I drive better
when I'm drunk.
GABRIEL:
You're going too fast.
Stop!
[TIRES SCREECH]
See. I'm in no state to drive.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
Listen.
Gabriel. I know it seems crazy.
but I think
I've released Paula's dybbuk.
[SIGHS]
You don't have to believe
in hypnosis.
But I know
what I saw in Chérence.
His double life.
the house. the inheritance.
the woman.
Maybe she's a cousin.
a neighbor. a friend.
who knows?
He killed the aunt.
then his wife.
He scratched my car.
stole the last session.
the cassette.
Leave it to the police.
They won't do a thing.
They never do.
From the beginning.
he's wanted to scare me.
I'm a bothersome witness.
And our son
was in the Waffen.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[SIGHS]
I need you to believe me.
I need you on my side.
Look at me.
When's the last time
I asked you for something?
What are you doing?
Next destination: Chérence.
I need to know
if you've gone mad.
if I should worry.
And believe it or not.
now I want to know.
[EXHALES]
[BLINKER TICKING]
Follow me.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Come!
[DOGS BARKING]
Shut up!
Shit!
Come.
What is it?
[♪♪♪]
It's not his cousin.
[BOTH MOANING]
How old is he?
Okay. I'll go.
What are we doing?
Our plan.
I'll distract him.
and you look for the cassette.
No. you're right. I'm crazy!
Let's go back.
Gaby!
I'm sorry to bother you.
Sorry. I...
I ran out of gas.
Damn!
I'm really sorry.
My car is down the...
Down there?
Yes. and I saw a light on.
I was wondering
if you might have
a jerrican of gas?
A jerrican... Yes. I think I do.
[HEMS]
I'll get dressed. Dry off.
Come inside.
I...
I'm under the...
Let's go!
Wait!
Follow me. It's this way.
Thanks.
Go on!
It's in the garage.
No electricity
with the humidity...
They're my father-in-law's.
They're not loaded.
Do you hunt?
Not really.
Me neither. I don't get it.
Waiting all day for an animal.
I usually leave some
for the lawn mower.
The jerrican.
Crazy how much junk we keep.
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[WHISPERING]
Who are you?
I'm in your dream.
I'm a nice lady
who visits children
to soothe them during storms.
You didn't know?
No.
You'll close your eyes.
and I'll go back
into your dream.
Only once you're in bed.
Go on.
Look at me...
without seeing.
Now...
go back to your bed.
Quietly.
Go on.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[♪♪♪]
Cold. right?
[HORN HONKS]
Well...
I'll leave you.
I'll stop bothering you.
Thanks and goodbye.
[♪♪♪]
He has weapons!
He's dangerous.
Don't go near him. okay?
It was your idea!
He has a double life. okay.
Killer or not. it's over.
He killed her.
You have no proof.
He can press charges
for breaking and entering.
What do you want?
To have your medical
license revoked?
You're right. goddamn it...
[SIGHS]
It's gone too far.
Shall we go?
GABRIEL: No. wait.
Ah. non.
Wait for the rain to stop.
Got a cigarette?
I quit.
Glove compartment...
Why did you leave me?
What?
Pass me the cigarette.
The truth.
I didn't leave anyone. Lilian.
I just gave up.
You stopped loving me.
I saw it first.
Then I waited for you.
I knew it wasn't over
between us.
[SCOFFS]
You knew?
Yes.
I was waiting for you
to come into my office and say:
"Doctor I have an eye problem.
Can you help me
to see more clearly?"
I loved you so much.
Me too.
But I don't want us...
to live together again.
Me neither.
So. what do we do?
There must be something...
in the middle.
Being friends?
My friend.
[PHONE RINGING]
CAR [ANNOUNCING]:
Call from "Commissariat."
Pierre?
Doctor. please forgive me.
I don't know what got into me...
OFFICER:
Please sit down. ma'am.
[STAMMERS]
The anonymous phone calls?
The car? The robbery?
I just wanted
to take my cassettes.
I promise I didn't steal
anything.
OFFICER:
The swastika too?
What swastika?
[STAMMERING]
Very small.
near the doorbell.
[SIGHS]
OFFICER:
Are you going to press charges?
[♪♪♪]
[RECORDING PLAYING IN DISTANCE]
LILIAN:
Because you want to lie down?
PAULA:
Not especially.
It's up to you.
You're the boss.
I'm tired.
I'm afraid I'll fall asleep.
Do patients ever fall asleep?
They drone on about nothing--
mothers. parents--
then start snoring?
Finishing their nights here?
That's an expensive nap.
I'm afraid to fall asleep. yes.
LILIAN:
Are you afraid to bore me?
PAULA:
No.
Not at all.
I may seem lacking in modesty.
but I don't think so.
[CHUCKLING]
On the contrary.
I get the feeling that
when our sessions start.
you're impatient
to hear the rest.
[CHUCKLES]
Well...
everyone says that.
No?
LILIAN:
I mean.
everyone secretly hopes it.
PAULA:
Yes. I'm scared to fall asleep.
He won't let me sleep.
LILIAN:
Who?
PAULA:
Simon.
Why are you here?
PAULA: My husband.
Why am I here?
[TAPE STOPS]
Like you. I follow you.
surveil you.
And your lock is broken.
the door was open.
You're right.
I should never have come
last night.
I want a cigarette. Got a light?
A vice I can't get rid of.
[DRAWERS OPEN AND CLOSE]
Okay. all right.
I understand. You don't like me.
It's because...
Because you know my wife
better than me?
She entrusted me
with a piece of her life.
I'm not your patient!
Don't do that to me.
[SIGHS]
I am Valérie's father.
Women always choose
their children's fathers.
Paula chose me.
I always respected that.
So why did you kill her?
[GRUNTS QUESTIONINGLY]
You can say anything here.
Simon.
You're protected by
doctor-patient confidentiality.
I know you picked up
the bottles.
It never crossed your mind
that Paula herself tampered
with the prescription?
That's absurd.
Not for her.
For Pearl.
Pearl?
No.
You want me to believe
Paula killed Pearl?
There you go with those words.
Accompany her
on her final voyage.
What Pearl asked for.
Paula relieved her of something.
of everything.
I didn't...
I didn't realize
it would break her.
No. you're lying.
You killed both of them.
Paula never mentioned Pearl.
Do you think patients
tell you everything?
Don't you think
they invent their little lives?
Paula must have loved
inventing a life
where I didn't have
another woman.
Or you didn't know
how to listen.
That's why you record it all.
How did you get that cassette?
You do have a light!
Yes. the cassette!
Well. maybe...
the night of the robbery.
the door was open.
I came by.
Or else my daughter
Valérie came here.
Or why not Paula herself?
[SIGHS]
Do we really care?
Comfy chair.
Life is simple
seen from here.
Lie down.
I said lie down.
No.
You did a bad job.
Lilian.
You killed her.
I don't mean criminal guilt.
but responsibility.
I'm not guilty.
I'm not.
Who said you were?
I said responsible.
not guilty.
See. you don't listen.
Why would I have done it?
I loved her.
Paula knew everything.
No secrets.
I had no double life. Lilian.
We have only one life.
We lost her together.
Both of us.
Forever.
[DOOR CLOSES]
LILIAN [RECORDED]:
Nothing to say today?
Paula?
It's Pearl.
I lost my Pearl.
Paula.
LILIAN:
What pearl?
Paula. I'm tired.
SIMON: Pearl asked her...
I need you.
I lost my Pearl.
LILIAN: What pearl?
SIMON:
Paula relieved Pearl
of something.
Of everything.
PAULA:
I can't live with this.
SIMON:
I didn't realize
it would break her.
I'm so tired.
I feel so tired.
[SIGHS]
Paula. forgive me.
Mom?
[STAMMERS]
Sorry. About yesterday.
You've got the wrong floor.
ma'am.
My mother never apologizes.
[WHISPERING] Want a coffee?
Yes.
[SHUSHES]
Vanessa's still asleep.
[JOSEPH CRYING]
Let me go.
[IN ENGLISH]
Hi. Joseph.
Hi. baby.
What a big boy.
Look at you. big boy.
Hi. buddy.
Hi there.
Did you just wake up?
Yeah.
I got you.
Joseph.
Here you go. Here you go. buddy.
You ready for
a little bit more of that?
Yeah.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[IN FRENCH]
When you were little.
I put you into the arms
of everyone who came to visit.
I was afraid
you'd grow too attached to me.
I wanted you to be able
to survive me.
[♪♪♪]
Same thing. please.
Right away.
And...
What?
Did you ever think...
That what?
What?
That I orchestrated it all.
You?
The cassette. the robbery.
Look.
How long
since you last needed me?
No.
You're not that smart.
Handsome. but...
Thanks a lot.
Excuse me.
Actually. it's not...
No!
It's not good. it's bitter.
No.
It's corked.
He's kidding.
I'm sorry. sir.
It's fine!
It's just to annoy us.
He always does this.
Serve her.
[SPEAKING SOFTLY]
You scared him.
I sure did.
Drink up. You'll see.
Thank you.
Cheers.
Why do you do that?
To make you laugh.
[DOORBELL CHIMES]
I never saw that chimney.
You've rearranged the furniture.
Yes.
Does it unsettle you?
A little.
No lights?
It's dark.
That scares you.
doesn't it?
Yes.
I can sense it.
It terrifies you
to advance in the dark.
It scares all of us.
You're not recording?
No.
I stopped.
I hear you.
I'm here.
[J.J. CALE'S
"DON'T GO TO STRANGERS" PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
A PRIVATE LIFE
[IN ENGLISH]
♪ If I'm standing in a crowd ♪
♪ Call my name. call it loud ♪
♪ Don't go to strangers ♪
♪ Woman. call on me ♪
♪ Wave your arms in the air ♪
♪ Let me know
That you're there ♪
♪ When in doubt ♪
♪ Oh woman. call on me ♪
♪ Don't leave me here to rust ♪
♪ Don't let me turn to dust ♪
♪ Oh. woman ♪
♪ When in doubt. call on me ♪
♪ If I'm standing in a crowd ♪
♪ Call my name. call it loud ♪
♪ Don't go to strangers ♪
♪ Woman. call on me ♪
[♪♪♪]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-